Hey how's it gone Dave 2d here so the
Galaxy S line plus I've been using it
for about two days at this point I'm
going into day three and here's the
thing Samsung phones are usually not my
favorite phone usually I find some kind
of thing that I dislike about it whether
it's like some kind of hardware thing or
like a speaker thing I usually don't
love Samsung phones enough to switch
over to them but this time around really
like this phone hence this really short
video where I kind of explain why so
this is the pixel to excel switching
over from this to this and the big thing
for me is actually not the camera or any
kind of like the more heavily advertised
features its the speakers this is if I'm
not mistaken the first Samsung flagship
that has had stereo speakers and it
makes a really big difference for me
when it comes to just the general use of
this phone I often play music or watch
videos on my phone and it's just a
really big difference to have stereo
speakers the camera like this is the
thing that's kind of weird they
advertise this thing really heavily they
marketed this thing is like you know the
florals for this variable aperture
camera and it's cool like the camera is
great but seriously I took a bunch of
photos and I don't really see a huge
benefit of the variable aperture thing
yet no he's not with the photos that I
take now the low-light performance is
better on that samsung s line it's
noticeably better than the s8 and I
think it's actually better than even the
pixel 2xl for low-light photos it's
going to use the F 1.5 to let the most
light in the low-light images are very
clean on the S line slightly cleaner
than the pixel to Excel but the
difference feels pretty minor when you
compare to the iphone 10 though the
difference is more substantial the
slo-mo stuff is kind of neat but it's
not easy to time properly the slow
motion recording is activated by motion
not through user input so it's not as
easy as you might think the AR emoji
stuff is just straight-up junk to me but
hey that's just me now it's a great
camera but the camera isn't what's
making me switch to the S line it really
is the speakers for Samsung to finally
put stereo speakers on their flagship
device just completes this phone for me
I also love the design I forget how good
the Samsung phones feel I think that's
something that we all kind of take for
granted the design of this phone like
we've seen it so often the s8 in the s8
plus we're so common because there are
such good phones if you look at this
thing objectively and just kind of step
back and think about what this phone is
it is a beautiful phone and
this year I feel like the curvature on
the glass is just a little bit less
pronounced like it's just a little bit
easier to hold it feels more comfortable
in my hand than the s8 and the SI
plusted I also miss the wireless
charging it's like a bonus feature that
comes with any of the Samsung flagships
and the pixel 2 XL didn't have it the
glass back on the s9 has the usual grimy
fingerprint issues but I put a skin on
it it's an easy fix and it makes it look
good
the processor like the new Snapdragon
845 it's fast but it's again not the
thing that makes me switch to it and
also the screen when you switch over to
this thing from anything that's like not
a Samsung display you kind of forget how
good these ones are it's a really good
screen it supposed to be brighter in
today's like I've compared them side by
side between the s8 and the s9 it is
brighter but I wouldn't base your
decision on that because it's not that
much brighter than the s8 or the SI plus
screen now I will say this if you've
disliked Samsung phones in the past for
whatever reason like if you don't like
Bixby or if you don't like the Samsung
experience UI and those things are
deal-breakers for you then you probably
won't like this phone again because it's
not like a major revamp it's still a
Samsung phone through and through it's
just that it feel like Lee perfected the
Samsung experience it's like it really
is in my opinion the best Samsung phone
that you could possibly make with our
current technology like what would you
do to this thing to make it any better
it really is a kick-ass phone ok hope
you guys enjoyed this video thumbs if
you liked it
subs if you loved it see you guys next
time
you